Has Tech got space for a dreamer?

I am just stoked to finally be able to shout out loud that I am a Full Stack Web Developer just recently graduated from Dev Academy and very close to get into the industry, in other words make a dream come true. However, my intention here today is to share how this dream is slowly becoming true. And it starts at exactly 15 years ago during my first year at Uni when I was having my first contact with programming while studying Chemical Engineering. The way we used to design the process flows for programming challenges called my attention. And tranlating those diagrams into code and being able to watch the computer transform that into actions was just amazing. However my fear of computers at that stage made me stick to my initial plan that was persuing my chemical engineering career. But when did goal actually change?

Around a year ago I was searching for a new hobby, something that could be fun, challenging and perhaps could take me to side projects where I could possibly make some profit out of it. At that moment I saw an influencer talking about the professions of the future and this person mentioned Python and how promissing the programming language was. That's when the spark happened. That exact moment took me to my Uni times. And I knew that programming should be something I had to have a go. So I started watching tutorials on Youtube, then I started buying courses on online platforms. Before I noticed I was downloading programming packages, editors and trying to complete coding challenges.

All of a sudden all my spare time, evenings, weekends were all being spent on trying to learn how to code. In the beginning of 2022, after achieving what was my dream for years, becoming a NZ resident, a friend mentioned this awesome institute which was offering a web development bootcamp for NZ residents; this company is called Dev Academy Aotearoa (EDA). This is the moment where coding stopped being just a hobby and started to become a dream. So I thought maybe instead of programmimg being a side project/job why not being the main one? 

 However, before making the hard decision of quitting a 10 years experience in the chemical / manufacturing industry and a promising job, I decided to do similar courses available at online platforms. I was then selected by EDA as one of the lucky people to be part of their following cohort. It's a hard call, right? But, fortunately, I am not the type of person who shies away from a goal, and I live it intensively giving always my best shot, even if this requires a massive effort to adapt to different realities. Therefore I often call myself a dreamer.

I can tell you that this journey hasn't been easy at all. I have thought several times that coding might not be for me. however in general this journey has been immensely rewarding. Sometimes, debugging a piece of code that you have been working for hours, days, sometimes weeks, feels like scoring a goal at a world cup final. Besides the technical skills, this journey has been helping me to understand that it's ok not to know everything, that having a break can sometimes be the smartest first step to solving a problem, that diversity does matter and a team of people with different backgrounds can find best solutions to their problems.

So after graduating at Dev Academy I feel a lot closer to the dream of becoming a developer and to be able to help make people's lives better through technology.

#TechForGood #Diversity #FollowingDreams #ADreamer #Tech #FullStack #WebDevelopment #Dev #Developer 